Network Traffic Analysis Tool - User Guide

Overview
This tool captures network traffic for a specified duration and visualizes packet count over time. The tool uses Scapy for packet sniffing and Plotly for visualization.

Features
Capture Network Packets: Sniffs packets from a selected network interface.
Save Packets to PCAP File: Saves captured packets to a .pcap file.
Visualize Traffic Over Time: Creates a histogram showing packet count over time.
Installation
Ensure Python is Installed: This tool requires Python 3.6 or higher.

Install Required Packages:

bash
Copy code
pip install scapy plotly
Usage
Command Line Arguments
-t, --time (required): Duration to capture packets in seconds.
-o, --output (optional): Directory to save visualizations.
Example Command
bash
Copy code
python netwrk.py -t 60 -o output_directory
This command captures packets for 60 seconds and saves the visualization to output_directory.

Functionality
1. Packet Capture
Network Interface Selection: Prompts user to select a network interface from a list of available interfaces.
Packet Sniffing: Captures packets for the specified duration and stores them in a buffer.
2. Data Visualization
Histogram: Displays packet count over time.
File Output: Saves the visualization as an HTML file in the specified output directory.
Handling Interruptions
KeyboardInterrupt: Stops packet sniffing and saves captured packets if interrupted.
Signal Handling: Handles termination signals to ensure graceful shutdown.
Error Handling
Missing Dependencies: The tool checks for required packages and installs them if not found.
Invalid Choices: Provides error messages for invalid network interface choices.
Example Output
HTML File: network_traffic_analysis.html in the specified output directory.
Troubleshooting
No Packets Captured:

Ensure the network interface is active and has traffic.
Verify that the filter criteria are correct.
Visualization Issues:

Ensure Plotly is installed and updated.
Contact
For support or further questions, please contact support@example.com.

End of Guide